	1. What is Object Oriented Programming?
		a. Allows it to be scalable and more easily maintained
	2. What are the 4 pillars of OOP?
		a. encapsulation
		b. abstraction
		c. inheritance
		d. polymorphism
		
	3. What is Encapsulation?
		a. functions and classes include code that can be used and re-used throughout the code
	4. What is Inheritance
		a. Such as classes inheriting from other classes, don't have to repeat code.  Allows us to write DRY methodology
	5. What is Abstraction?
		a. Hiding the process from the user
	6. What is Polymorphism?
		a. Classes - can create different instances, so that it can take on different shapes
	7. What is HTML?
		a. Hypertext Markup Language
		b. Used for website structure, used to communicate with client
	8. What is CSS?
		a. Cascading Style Sheets
		b. Used to style websites
	9. What is the other front-end language?
		a. Javascript
	10. What does it do on front-end?
		a. Makes it more interactive, gives it functionality
	11. HTTP Response cycle?
		a. User submits a request (GET/POST/etc.), request gets sent to the server, which then pulls information from the database or elsewhere to provide a response to the client
		b. As Adrien says, it's like going to a bar and making a drink order.  You put in the order, the bartender (controller) takes liquors from the shelf (database), puts it together in the right way, and serves it to you
	12. What is the difference between a method and an attribute?
		a. A method is a function, an attribute is a variable within the class
	13. What are the differences between a list and a dictionary?
		a. a dictionary is a group of key-value pairs, while a list is a numbered index
		b. Do dictionaries have a length?  Yes, in python, but not in JS
	14. What is the equivalent of a list in JS?
		a. An Array
	15. Is there any difference between an array and a list?
		a. Not really, they're pretty similar
	16. Can anybody explain the csrf token in Django?
		a. It's a security feature
		b. Used with forms
		c. Brings in a random string attached to a form
		d. Creates a hidden input, validates that form data is coming from the application
		e. POST request could be made without submitting a form, so token ensures that POST data is coming from the website
	17. What does "self" mean in Python?
		a. Refers to an instance of itself, used within a class to define attributes and methods about the instance
	18. What is the difference between display inline and display inline block?
		a. inline-block allows you to set width and height
	19. What are some other display properties in CSS?
		a. Flex
		b. Grid
		c. table
	20. Can anybody describe the behavior of a singly-linked list?
		a. Consists of a list of nodes, node has next and val, list has a head
		b. head indicates the start, a pointer at the first node
	21. What is agile development?
		a. A style of project management which focuses on early user involvement and quick turnarounds
	22. Can you apply agile development to something else?
		a. Probably
	23. Why is user integration so important in the development process?
		a. Provides early feedback to development team
	24. What is MVP when talking about applications?
		a. Minimum Viable Product
		b. The most basic version of your application that can then be user-tested
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
